feat: add AVM Terraform Copilot CLI skills and agent (#498)
Azure/avm-terraform-governance: managed-files/root/.github/skills/avm-tf-documentation/SKILL.md

---
name: avm-tf-documentation
description: Use this skill whenever an Azure Verified Module (AVM) for Terraform needs documentation work — writing or editing `_header.md` (the README content above the auto-generated section), `_footer.md` (the README content below, including the mandatory Data Collection notice), regenerating `README.md` via `terraform-docs` (`./avm docs` / `make docs`), or writing the per-example `_header.md` / `_footer.md` files. The headline rule is NEVER edit README.md directly — it is auto-generated from _header.md + the Terraform sources + _footer.md and your changes will be overwritten on the next `./avm docs` run. Also covers `.terraform-docs.yml` configuration and what makes a Registry-friendly README. Trigger on phrases like "AVM README", "_header.md", "_footer.md", "terraform-docs AVM", "make docs", "./avm docs", "update README", "README out of date", "documentation drift", "auto-generated README", "Registry README".
---

# AVM Terraform documentation

> The headline rule: **NEVER edit `README.md` directly.** It is auto-generated by `terraform-docs` from `_header.md` + the Terraform sources (variables, outputs, providers, resources) + `_footer.md`. Editing `README.md` will lose your changes on the next `./avm docs` (or `make docs`) run, and `./avm pr-check` will fail because the README is out of date with the sources.

Reviewer: There's no `docs` target. The governance `Makefile` only defines `help`, `migrate`, `pre-commit`, `pr-check`, `test-examples`, `tf-test-unit`, `tf-test-integration`, `globalsetup` and `globalteardown` — docs generation runs as part of `pre-commit`.

`./avm docs` also appears in the agent file, `avm-tf-codestyle` and `avm-tf-testing`, so worth a sweep.

```suggestion
The headline rule: **NEVER edit `README.md` directly.** It is auto-generated by `terraform-docs` from `_header.md` + the Terraform sources (variables, outputs, providers, resources) + `_footer.md`. Editing `README.md` will lose your changes on the next `./avm pre-commit` run, and `./avm pr-check` will fail because the README is out of date with the sources.
```

Author: Fixed — there's no `docs` target; doc generation runs via `./avm pre-commit`. Updated everywhere it was referenced.

Resolved: https://github.com/lestermarch/avm-terraform-governance/blob/f72a170/managed-files/root/.github/skills/avm-tf-documentation/SKILL.md#L8

Authoritative sources:

> - [TFNFR23](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/Azure-Verified-Modules/refs/heads/main/docs/content/specs-defs/includes/terraform/shared/non-functional/TFNFR23.md) — `_header.md` / `_footer.md`

Reviewer: TFNFR23 is Sensitive Default Value Conditions. The spec covering generated module documentation is TFNFR2.

```suggestion
- [TFNFR2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/Azure-Verified-Modules/refs/heads/main/docs/content/specs-defs/includes/terraform/shared/non-functional/TFNFR2.md) — Module Documentation Generation (`_header.md` / `_footer.md`)
```

Author: Corrected the spec ID from TFNFR23 to TFNFR2 (Module Documentation Generation).

Resolved: https://github.com/lestermarch/avm-terraform-governance/blob/f72a170/managed-files/root/.github/skills/avm-tf-documentation/SKILL.md#L11

- [SFR3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/Azure-Verified-Modules/refs/heads/main/docs/content/specs-defs/includes/shared/shared/functional/SFR3.md) — Data Collection notice (in `_footer.md`)
- `terraform-docs` docs: <https://terraform-docs.io/>

> - The template's `_header.md` and `_footer.md` at <https://github.com/Azure/terraform-azurerm-avm-template>

Reviewer: Flagging this one because it needs a decision rather than a straight fix, and it affects several skills.

RMNFR1 (MUST) now says the Terraform registry provider segment **must be `azure`**:

> `<provider>` is a legacy requirement of the Terraform registry. This must be set to `azure`

So new modules are `terraform-azure-avm-res-<rp>-<type>` with source `Azure/avm-res-<rp>-<type>/azure`. The transition is live — an exact-prefix scan of the `Azure` org gives 198 legacy `terraform-azurerm-avm-*` repos and 25 new `terraform-azure-avm-*` ones, all recent. `Azure/terraform-azure-avm-utl-interfaces` exists; the `azurerm` variant doesn't.

The template repo genuinely is still `terraform-azurerm-avm-template`, so this specific line is correct as-is. But the naming guidance in `avm-tf-classifications`, `avm-tf-process`, `avm-tf-testing`, `avm-tf-telemetry` and `avm-tf-migration` teaches `azurerm` for *new* modules, which is now non-compliant.

@jtracey93 @jaredfholgate — what should the skills say in the interim, given most existing repos keep their legacy names? Happy for this to be a follow-up rather than blocking. Our existing `AGENTS.md` and `avm-terraform-module-development` skill have the same problem, so it needs fixing on our side regardless.

Author: Made the call to go with `azure` for new modules per RMNFR1, and added a legacy note that existing `terraform-azurerm-*` repos keep their published name/source. Applied consistently across the skills.

Resolved: https://github.com/lestermarch/avm-terraform-governance/blob/f72a170/managed-files/root/.github/skills/avm-tf-documentation/SKILL.md#L40 and https://github.com/lestermarch/avm-terraform-governance/blob/f72a170/managed-files/root/.github/skills/avm-tf-documentation/SKILL.md#L60; legacy note: https://github.com/lestermarch/avm-terraform-governance/blob/f72a170/managed-files/root/.github/skills/avm-tf-classifications/SKILL.md#L81
